update quick start with k8s. (#3251)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/setup/kubernetes/quick-start/index.md

## Installation steps

> 1. Install all the Istio's [Custom Resource Definitions or CRDs for short](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/#customresourcedefinitions) via `kubectl apply`, and wait a few seconds for the CRDs to be committed in the Kube api-server:

Reviewer: all the Istio

Reviewer 2: I'd put the "or CRDs for short" outside the link and in parenthesis.

Reviewer 3: I agree:
```suggestion
1. Install all the Istio [Custom Resource Definitions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/#customresourcedefinitions) (CRDs) via `kubectl apply`, and wait a few seconds for the CRDs to be committed in the Kubernetes API-server:
```

Author: Done
